                              MythTV FAQ

) My mouse pointer disappears over the windows?
- This is desired behavior.  The interface is meant for use with a remote 
  control, or a keyboard.

) When I change windows in the UI, the windows start blinking and going crazy
  and make it otherwise unuseable.
- See if changing your window manager to 'Click to Focus' helps, or try 
  a different window manager.

) What's this 'strange error flushing buffer' mean?
- Nothing, really.  It's just lame (the mp3 encoder) complaining for some 
  obscure reason.  This seems to be fixed in more recent versions of
  the libmp3lame library.

) The audio's _really_ out of sync, and it doesn't pause when I pause live TV?
- You need to mute the line-in, and set the mixer to record from the line in.
  The audio you're hearing is from the audio pass-through, enabled by the
  V4L driver, and not MythTV.  If you're using ALSA, make sure to have the 
  'Capture' mixer enabled and non-muted and at a decent volume.

) The audio and video are not synchronised by a small but varying amount
- The way that the audio and video are synchronised relies on the realtime
  reporting capability of the sound card that you are using.  This requires
  that the sound driver that you use supports the DSP_CAP_REALTIME capability.
  Older versions of Alsa (0.5) don't support this, newer ones (0.9) do.

) I get an error when compiling about 'mkspecs'?
- You need to set QTDIR.  On Debian, it should be /usr/share/qt
  On Mandrake, it should be /usr/lib/qt3

) I can't change the channel when watching TV?
- Something's wrong with your program database.  Did filldata run with
  no major errors?

) I want to run the database on another machine?
- Ok, first, you'll need to edit the mc.sql script first to setup the proper 
  permissions for the machine that'll be running MythTV and connecting to the
  database.  Next, after you've followed all the directions and built all
  MythTV's programs, and after you've done a make install, but before you've 
  run filldata, you need to edit the /usr/local/share/mythtv/mysql.txt file
  to it points to the server you're running the mysql on.  If you want, you
  can copy that mysql.txt file to ~/.mythtv/.  If it's in ~/.mythtv/ then it
  won't get copied over by another, future, 'make install'.  Once that's all
  done, you should be all set, I think.

) Is it possible to have MythTV change the channel on my digital cable/satellite
  box, instead of my tuner card?
- Yes.  In the setup program, under "Input Connections", you can configure a command
  to run whenever the channel needs to be changed on an input which does not have a
  tuner.  In the 0.7 release, this was a global option in the configuration file,
  "ExternalChannelCommand".

) Whenever I 'make install', it copies over my settings files?
- Simply copy the files you want to save to ~/.mythtv/ and they won't get
  overwritten anymore.

) Colors are all messed up, people's faces are blue!
- Using the binary nvidia drivers?  Make sure you're using at least version
  1.0-2960 of their drivers.

) When trying to run setup, I get an error like this:
  "./setup: error while loading shared libraries: libmyth.so.0: cannot open
   shared object file: No such file or directory"
- Make sure that /usr/local/lib is in /etc/ld.so.conf and then re-run ldconfig.

) My machine hangs or reboots when running MythTV
- MythTV should not be able to hang or reboot your machine, no matter
  what it does.  If your machine is hanging or rebooting, you most likely
  have a problem with your hardware or kernel device drivers.

) I'm using ALSA, and bad things happen when I change channels
- There was a bug in some versions of ALSA which affected MythTV users
  this way.  See
  http://www.geocrawler.com/lists/3/SourceForge/12349/75/10112099/
  for a patch, or upgrade to ALSA 0.9.0rc6 or later.

) When trying to run setup, I get an "Illegal instruction", "Bus error" or
  "Segmentation fault" message
- You need to use compilation flags appropriate for your processor.  Rebuild
  everything from scratch after editing settings.pro.
- You are using code from CVS (not a released version), and have more
  than one copy of the library libmyth on your system.  At runtime, the
  wrong one is being found.  Remove the old one.
- You are using code from CVS (not a released version), and your build
  tree has not been completely rebuilt.  Run "make distclean" and start over.

) Mythfrontend works, but when I try to watch TV or play a recording, it
  crashes with an "Illegal instruction", "Bus error" or "Segmentation fault"
  message every time
- Do you have deinterlace=1 in settings.txt?  Try disabling it, and if that
  corrects the problem, read and follow the instructions at the top of
  filters/linearblend/filter_linearblend.c and rebuild MythTV.  By default,
  this feature makes use of CPU instructions which are only available on
  relatively recent processors.

) All of my channels seem to be off by one, and the picture quality is poor
- The bttv driver is not autodetecting your tuner type correctly, or
  you are specifying the wrong tuner type.  Find out which one your
  card uses, and read Documentation/video4linux/bttv/CARDLIST to find out
  how to specify it.
