                              Mythical Convergence
			       Preview Release 4


There'll be more information here later, but for now:

BUILD/CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS
--------------------------------

This is what you need, software wise, to have installed:

   libttf - Freetype v1.  Can't use v2, sorry.  This is used for the on-screen
            display.  Get it from your distro, or from http://freetype.sf.net

   libmp3lame - The shared library for the LAME mp3 encoder.  This might become
                optional in the future, or I may switch to vorbis if they speed
                optimize things a little more.  Compressing the audio's not
                _really_ necessary, it just saves 500 or so MB per hour of 
                recording.  You'll probably have to compile this one yourself,
                so get it from http://www.mp3dev.org/mp3/

   QT - You need at least QT 3.0.  Again, the best way to get this is from your
        distro.  You need it compiled threadsafe version, and the mysql bindings
        as well.  http://www.trolltech.com

If you want the program guide, scheduled recordings, and basically all the neat
functionality of MythTV, you also need to install:

   MySQL - You need this setup and working.  A recent version, I think, would
           be best.  I don't know, though, I'm utterly new to it.  Get it from
           your distro, or from http://www.mysql.com

   XMLTV - You need the latest, version 0.5.  This will do the work of actually
           grabbing the program information.  Get it from:
           http://www.doc.ic.ac.uk/~epa98/work/apps/xmltv/
           Installing this was rather a pain for me on Debian, but I don't have
           any directions to do so.

   Perl - everyone should have this already, but hey, it's a requirement.

You also need v4l setup and working properly.  If xawtv works, this should, too.

Hardware wise, you need a computer.  Really.  Helps to have a fast one, too.
You also need a video card with working Xv support (to scale and convert 
colorspaces), and a TV tuner card.

Ok.  Once you've got all the prerequisites installed, on to compiling.
Just type 'make' in the main distribution directory.

Compiling note:  If you get an error on building this, that says something
                 about 'mkspecs', then you don't have the QTDIR environment
                 variable set.  On debian, this should be set to /usr/share/qt.
                 I hear on mandrake, it's /usr/lib/qt3.  You'll need to figure
                 out what it should be on your system, set the variable,
                 and attempt to compile again.

If you get any errors about missing references, etc, you most likely don't have
one of the required pieces of software installed.

Follow this by a 'make install'.  It'll put 'mythtv', 'mythdialog', 'mythepg',
and 'mythfrontend' in your /usr/local/bin directory, and create 
/usr/local/share/mythtv for you.

IMPORTANT: You _must_ edit the settings.txt file in /usr/local/share/mythtv/
           before running the application.  

Specifically, you need to at least change the 'BufferName' and the 
'RecordFilePrefix' preferences to directories that exist on your machine.  
Look through the rest of the file and change whatever else you want.  If you 
change the Width/Height settings and you don't get any video, then the 
resolution you selected wasn't liked by the v4l subsystem.

If you just want to watch live tv, without the fancy-schmancy features, 
just run 'mythtv'.  Use the arrow keys to change channels up and down, type in 
channel numbers to directly skip channels, use the 'p' key to pause/unpause, 
and the right/left arrow keys to ff/rew.  Escape quits.  'c' will change
inputs on the TV tuner card.  These keybindings aren't configurable yet.

Additional Configuration
------------------------

Ok.  Once you have all these additional dependencies installed, you need to 
configure XMLTV.  Just run 'tv_grab_na --configure'  and answer the questions.
I haven't used the other tv listing grabbers included in XMLTV, so if you're 
outside of the US or Canada, you're going to have to figure stuff out on your
own.  You'll probably also have to edit the 'grabdata' script to change the
hardcoded reference to tv_grab_na.  Patches are welcome to fix that.

Anyway.  The next thing to do is set up the mysql database that the program data
will be stored in.  Change to the 'programdb' subdir of this distribution.
You need to run the mc.sql script.  So, something like mysql < mc.sql
might work.  I dunno.  It worked for me with the default mysql installation on
debian, might not work elsewhere.  Better instructions welcome.

UPGRADING FROM PREVIEW RELEASE 1
--------------------------------
You need to add the record.sql script to the database, so, mysql < record.sql
This is not needed on a new install.

UPGRADING FROM PREVIEW RELEASE 2
--------------------------------
Follow the above instructions to add record.sql.  Do the same thing for 
conflict.sql.  Again, not needed for a new install.

Once the database is setup, run the filldata script also in the same directory.
This'll take awhile, as it's populating the database with the next week's worth
of program information.

The 'filldata' script should be run every day, around 10 pm or so.  If you want
updated program info, that is.  You don't have to run it at all, but then, 
what's the point of doing all this?  Probably should be crontab'd, but that's
for the future.

Once 'filldata' has finished, try running the 'mythepg' binary.  It should be 
populated with program info.  Use the arrow keys to move around in the grid.  
'M' and 'Enter' quit.  So does 'C', but it's 'quit without selecting the 
channel'. 

Anyway.  Now that you have the 'mythepg' binary built, and the program database
configured, try running the 'mythtv' binary again.  When you change channels, 
it should show the proper information on the OSD.  Hitting 'M' should pop up 
the program guide.  Exiting the program guide with 'Enter' or 'M' will change 
to the channel it currently was on, exiting with 'Escape' will just exit 
without changing the channel.  Pressing 'I' will let you get more information 
about a program, and if you're running mythfrontend, will allow you to schedule
recordings.

NOTE: mythepg, and all the Qt interfaces included with MythTV are designed to be
      displayed only at 800x600, so it's full screen on a TV. 
      Video playback will just go to fullscreen regardless of the resolution, 
      but it also runs best at 800x600.  Things will look weird at other 
      resolutions.

Ok, so try running 'mythfrontend'.  You'll see a ugly little menu show up.
This should be pretty simple to figure out.  Only thing to keep in mind, though,
is that 'mythfrontend' needs to be running for scheduled recordings to happen.

In the 'configfiles' subdir there are some example lirc config files to get a
remote working with this stuff.  Just use irxevent and it should all work.

Whew.  If you thought this compile process sucked, I'll accept pretty much
any patch sent my way that improves it.

Feel free to subscribe to the development mailing list at:
http://www.snowman.net/mailman/listinfo/mythtv-dev

A list that's restricted to the CVS commit messages is available at:
http://www.snowman.net/mailman/listinfo/mythtv-commits

or, just email me directly:  Isaac Richards <ijr@po.cwru.edu>
