                                   MythVideo
                                 Version 0.17

BUILD/CONFIGURATION INSTRUCTIONS
--------------------------------

Requirements:
	MythTV 0.14 or higher installed and working

If you have met the requirements above, simply type 'qmake mythvideo.pro' then 
'make' in the main directory to begin compiling.

Compiling note:  If you get an error on building this, that says something
                 about 'mkspecs', then you don't have the QTDIR environment
                 variable set.  On debian, this should be set to
                 /usr/share/qt.  I hear on mandrake, it's /usr/lib/qt3. 
                 You'll need to figure out what it should be on your system,
                 set the variable, and attempt to compile again.


Once the make is completed, you should switch to root and do a 'make install'.  

- libmythvideo.so will go into /usr/local/lib/mythtv/plugins/


RUNNING MYTHVIDEO
-----------------

All the configuration is now done within the program.


INTERNET INFORMATION
--------------------
 
MythVideo now supports contacting internet sites to grab information about
the videos found. It does this by cutting out unnecessary information in the
filename and doing a search. MythVideo will also grab a movie poster or
coverart if it is available.

In order to start this process, once your videos have been scanned by
MythVideo, in the 'Video Manager' screen, simply select the video you want
to find information/artwork for. MythVideo will contact imdb.com. If there
is just one result returned, MythVideo will use the information from that
page. Otherwise, MythVideo will present you with a list of movies and the
year of the movie.

IF MYTHVIDEO DOES NOT FIND YOUR MOVIE OR JUST SEEMS TO DO NOTHING - Do not
despair! MythVideo also allows you to enter the IMDB Movie number manually.
To enter a movie number manually or reset an entry in the event of bad
information, simply hit 'M' and select either 'Reset Entry' or 'Manually
Enter IMDB #' (depending on what you want to do).

If that fails, or you wish to set the cover art by hand, then just hit a
number key on your remote. All will be well.


PARENTAL LEVEL INFORMATION
--------------------------

MythVideo now (really ... honest) supports the ability to limit what can be
viewed without a password/pin. There are 4 different levels that a
video/file can be set at. From within the configuration you can select a
default level. Any videos/files at or below that level will show up in the
list. 

MythVideo will only stay at that level until you try to change the level (by
hitting keys 1-4 in the Browse or List screens).

Note: A video that is set to level 0 will not be seen in any lists other
than the video manager. The Video Manager has complete control over the
parental levels of each video. For this reason, if the level 4 password is
set, you will be prompted upon entering the Video Manager for the level 4
password.


FURTHER INFORMATION
-------------------

Feel free to subscribe to the development mailing list at:
http://www.mythtv.org/mailman/listinfo/mythtv-dev

A list that's restricted to the CVS commit messages is available at:
http://www.mythtv.org/mailman/listinfo/mythtv-commits

or, just email me directly:  John Danner <johndanner (at) untzuntz (dot) com>
