                    mfd - Myth Frontend Daemon
                           Release 0.??


GENERAL INFO
------------

INSTALL (see DEPENDENCIES):

    ./configure
    qmake
    make
    make install
    ldconfig

RUN:

    to start it: mfd -l 10  (log with verbosity equal to 10)
    to stop it:  mfdctl stop

    You can just CTRL-C the mfd and it will shut down cleanly. If it's in
daemon mode, you'll need to use mfdctl stop.



DEPENDENCIES
------------

    The mfd essentially has all the dependencies of MythTV plus MythMusic
and (probably by the time you read this) MythDVD. In addition, you will also
need:

LiveMedia Library
http://www.live.com/liveMedia/

    Any reasonably recent version should be fine. There's a debian package
    called liblivemedia-dev, and almost certainly packages for other
    distributions as well. Note that this is not _strictly_ required (you
    can turn it off with ./configure --disable-rtsp), but is very, very
    highly recommended. You can set the directory prefix for live with
    --with-livemedia-prefix=foo (if you've built the liveMedia library from
    source (NB: it has no "make install") in, say /usr/local/src, then you
    probably want --with-livemedia-prefix=/usr/local/src/live/).


FAAD2 library
http://www.audiocoding.com/

    __NB__: As of March 5, 2004, you can build and install FAAD2 v2.0 final,
    but you must manually copy mp4ff_int_types.h from faad2/common/mp4ff/ to
    your usr/local/include/ directory.

    This is fairly annoying, but not insurmountable.            


OpenSLL

    Also required is openssl (for generating unique identifiers for content
    files). This should be included with just about any Linux distribution.


OpenDAAP Library

    You'll also need libopendaap if you want to play iTunes content. Make
    _sure_ to get the right version. Also, make _sure_ you read the
    daapclient plugin README for further details
    (./mfd/plugins/daapclient/README).



INFORMATION FOR DEVELOPERS
--------------------------

    The mfd is not terribly complicated. There is a core little object
(called MFD) that main() creates and hands over control to. It creates a
metadata server to be the holding pen for all metadata (a collection of
MetadataContainers). It also creates a plugin manager. Plugins can either
present their own (socket-based) interface to the world, or get passed
commands that begin with a given token from the mfd. For example, the audio
plugin has it's own interface, while the dummy plugin just uses the mfd's
interface and asks for any string of command tokens that begin with the term
"dummy". The former is called a "service", the latter a "capability".

Every plugin (can! must?) run as a separate thread. They can and do create
their own sub-threads. Most information they want to pass up to the mfd is
send by QCustomEvents (see mfd_events.h/.cpp in mfdlib). If they need to
describe metadata (appearance of, changes in), they get a pointer to the
MetadataServer and make calls on it.

The mfd itself speaks a protocol called mfdp (mfd protocol). This is a
classic example of YAMUP (yet another made up protocol). The audio plugin
speaks macp (myth audio control protocol ... which is also YAMUP). Most
importantly, the metadata server embedded in the core mfd object speaks a
protocol called mdcap (Myth Digital Content Access Protocol). This is what
lets frontend clients figure what content a given mfd has on offer. See
./mdcaplib/README for a few more details.

Here's a list of client side mfdp commands (by the time you read this, it
will probably be out of date). Note that you can play with these at a telnet
prompt (e.g. telnet localhost 2342).


hello             Ask the mfd to say hello.  Should send back "greetings".


halt              Make the mfd shut down and exit.
quit              "                              "
shutdown          "                              "


dummy             This just gets passed to the dummy plugin.  It will
                  respond with "dummy exists" (assuming the dummy plugin
                  exists, which it should.) You can also send it the command
                  "dummy die". It will then generate a FatalEvent, causing
                  the plugin manager to unload it.


reload            Ask the mfd to make the plugin manager reload all plugins. 
                  This will send "restart" to every connected client and
                  anything the plugins were in the process of doing will be
                  shutdown and cleaned out. Normal clients should not do
                  this.


services list     Ask the mfd to send "services found ... " messages to you
                  listing all the services it is aware of. These are things
                  that plugins do on their own sockets.

capabilities list This is a list of first tokens that either the mfd itself
                  or one of its plugins can handle via the mfd's socket
                  interface. These obviously have the effect of increasing
                  this list of client side commands (!).

The following are commands that the mfd can send to any client **at any
time**. That means your code (where "you" are a myth client developer) needs
to be able to act appropriately:

huh                 If you send something that the mfd (and/or its plugins)
                    can't parse, you'll (probably?) get back "huh", followed
                    by the set of tokens it didn't understand.

bye                 Your socket connection is about to be closed because the
                    mfd is exiting (user killed it, machine is shutting
                    down, etc.)

restart             All the plugins are being killed and reloaded (mfd
                    probably got a reload command). Anything you had going
                    on (a video transcode, music playing, etc.) will get
                    killed and cleaned up. The socket will stay open,
                    however, so you can rebuild whatever you need to get
                    back to where you were.

fatal               Some plugin had a fatal event (it freaked out and had to
                    be unloaded). If it didn't happen to be (one of) the
                    plugin(s) handling your requests, then nothing should
                    change.  However, it may well be that something you were
                    expecting to happen will not.

services found ...  Some new service has been automagically discovered.

services lost ...   Some service that used to exist has gone away. You may
                    have to update *lots* of internal data.

capability foo      If you send some commands beginning with the token foo,
                    there is a plugin that will swallow them.
